Global revamp of Workload Protection Documentation (#38378)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/security/workload_protection/setup/_index.md

## 1) Enable Workload Protection in Datadog

To get started with Workload Protection, you need to enable the Workload Protection product in Datadog. To do so, log in to your Datadog account, and click [Get Started][1]. You can follow the Agent deployment steps in Datadog, or come back to this page for more details.

<div class="alert alert-info">Activating Workload Protection requires the Org Management <a href="https://docs.datadoghq.com/account_management/rbac/permissions/">permission</a>.</div>

## 2) Deploy the Datadog Agent

Workload Protection relies on the Datadog Agent to monitor your workloads and collect security relevant events for threats detection and security posture monitoring.

### Requirements

Workload Protection offers 3 different flavors depending on your environment and operating system:
- On **Linux**, install **the eBPF agent**. It offers the best performance and feature support.

> - On **AWS Fargate**, install **the eBPF-less agent**. Fargate does not provide eBPF access, so this agent uses ptrace instead. It covers the major features of Workload Protection (File Integrity Monitoring, process execution monitoring, network monitoring).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- On **AWS Fargate**, install the Datadog Agent as a sidecar and instrument workloads with the **the cws-instrumentation** tracer. Fargate does not provide eBPF access, so this tracer uses ptrace instead.
```

Author: done

| Oracle Linux                                                  | 7, 8, and 9                           |
| CentOS                                                        | 7                                     |
| Google Container Optimized OS (default on GKE) (Preview)      | 93 and higher                         |

**Notes:**

- Custom kernel builds might modify critical hook points that the Agent requires to properly function. Support isn't guaranteed.
- Datadog requires, at minimum, platforms that have underlying Linux kernel versions of 4.14.0+ or have eBPF features backported (for example, Centos/RHEL 7 with kernel 3.10 has eBPF features backported, so it is supported).
- For compatibility issues with a custom Kubernetes network plugin like Cilium or Calico, see [Troubleshooting Workload Protection][2].

##### Supported cloud environments

| Cloud environments                      | Supported | 
|-----------------------------------------|----------------------|
| Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (EC2)      | ✅                    |
| Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (EKS) | ✅                    |
| Amazon Elastic Container Service (ECS)  | ✅                    |

> | AWS Fargate                             | ✅ (only using eBPF-less agent)                    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| AWS Fargate                             | ✅ (using the cws-instrumentation tracer)                    |
```

Author: done

| Azure Virtual Machines (Azure VMs)      | ✅                    |
| Azure Kubernetes Service (AKS)          | ✅                    | 
| Google Compute Engine (GCE)             | ✅                    |
| Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE)          | ✅                    | 

**Notes:**

- The underlying Linux distribution and system configuration used by these cloud environments are the primary factors determining whether Workload Protection is supported.
- For cloud environments where you can choose the Linux distribution and kernel version, select a configuration that meets the requirements listed above.

#### Supported Windows flavors

Workload Protection's Windows agent supports Windows Server 2019 and higher.

### Deployment methods

#### Workload Protection's eBPF agent (Linux)

Use the following instructions to enable the eBPF agent of Workload Protection in the Datadog Agent.

{{< partial name="workload-protection/wp-ebpf-tiles.html" >}}

> #### Workload Protection's eBPF-less agent (AWS Fargate)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Workload Protection's cws-instrumentation tracer (AWS Fargate)
```

Author: we renamed it AWS Fargate

> Use the following instructions to enable the eBPF-less agent of Workload Protection in the Datadog Agent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the following instructions to setup the cws-instrumentation tracer of Workload Protection on AWS Fargate.
```

Author: done
